well let's hope to continue of course and now
well what I'm going to tell you adventurers
very well let's talk now about this
new law new provision of the
national transit agency that all
when taking a taxi we must select
I do not know that the unit has its
Approved taximeter device that
has many advantages however the
great mystery is that if these
devices can be altered or not
that they mark more than the approved rate
in the following note we are going to show you
the answer and we will also indicate them
how to identify an altered taximeter
let's see the chair
one of the greatest advantages of
approved taximeters is that they are not
can alter to mark a value
higher than usual to pay is
impossible the company did not have us
programmed to close the
meter that I want to tell you to consider
this determines the calibration and the
conception that each taximeter is going to be
very driven in a certain vehicle
however if the skills of
some taxi drivers overstep the limits
Here's how to tell if
a taximeter is altered first you
You must know the rates according to
the routes you take either day or in the
night each kilometer costs 26 cents
second when the car is stopped the
device must increase a penny
every 10 seconds and third the costs of
races on the same route can not
vary with one or two dollars as normal
is that it varies in maximum between 50 and 60
cents
carlos gualán technician of schumi track
authorized company to sell these
positive states that taximeters do not
approved usually have some push buttons
to mark more value to this you will be
know how turbo is not like the others
that are cloudy
then the famous bull then they are from
brand more then they are used to
hit and then for the time being
our taximeter is marking its success
so before taking a taxi
outside of which the unit has
a taximeter that emits its respective
ticket which assures you that the value
of his career was just